
PCM_S-1: As a user I should be able to add a new vet in the system by providing the vet first name, last name
address and speciality. The system should validate all the fields to not be empty or blank.

PCM_S-2: As a user I should be able to view all the vets. Existing vets should be listed on the screen.
Each line should show the vet id, first name, last name, address and speciality.

PCM_S-3: As a user I should be able to update an existing vet by providing the id of the vet and new values
of the vet first name, last name, address and speciality. The system should validate all the fields to not be
empty or blank.

PCM_S-4: As a user I should be able to delete an existing vet by providing the id of the vet that should be deleted.

PCM_S-5: As a user I should be able to add a new pet in the system by providing the pet race, birthdate, if is
vaccinated, an owner name and a veterinarian id. The system should validate all the fields to not be empty or blank.
The system should generate a new unique identification number. In case veterinarian id doesn't exist in the system,
the system will show an error message.

PCM_S-6: As a user I should be able to view all the pets. Existing pets should be listed on the screen.
Each line should show the pet id, race, description, birthdate, if is vaccinated, an owner name.

PCM_S-7: As a user I should be able to update an existing pet by providing the id of the pet and new values race,
birthdate, if is vaccinated, an owner name and a veterinarian id. The system should validate all the fields to not be
empty or blank. In case the veterinarian id doesn't exist in the system, the system will show an error message.

PCM_S-8: As a user I should be able to delete an existing pet by providing the id of the pet that should be deleted.

PCM_S-9: As a user I should be able to add a new consult in the system by providing the pet id, veterinarian, pet,
date and description. The system should validate all the fields to not be empty or blank.

PCM_S-10: As a user I should be able to view all the consults in a list. Each line should contain the pet name,
veterinarian, date, description.

PCM_S-11: Create system architecture diagram.

PCM_S-12: Create database diagram.

PCM_S-13: Add Hibernate configuration (pom and utils).

PCM_S-14: Add Hibernate model.

PCM_S-15: Add generic repositories.

PCM_S-16: Create user menu.
